Oh posterous news and a galaxy of so
many planets there's one specific place
i'll be holding it down you know what
I'm talking about baby girl drama
columns yo let's tack these credits
let's get it bro you do anything that I
say cuz our own drama car germantown
cha-cha-cha macau's man Oh Drummond
comes shut your Chum and cows main
Drummond cows oh shut your drum and cows
mean germantown ketchup German culture
Germantown drop drop your German cows
main German cows cha cha cha cha mean
cows main German cars trucks upcoming
campaign Bros airborne gamer I can shit
credits millions on schematics that
ain't shit credits I got these servers
lagging on my phones in them I got that
shin weaving but I love denim I got a
routine I use it all the time AFK I
don't run until that valise mine i
decree i decree kill you fuckin tweeds
when you try to roll up on me all I need
all I need is some gear for my level and
a charger for my being I retrieve hella
green from professions I got hookers
everywhere but my bitches are the best
I'm Drummond comes anything that I say
cuz our own drama called Germantown
trucks are coming Kozma Oh Drummond
comes shut your drum and cows main
Drummond come o truck up drumming
name drummond Calcutta Germantown cutter
Germantown's cha-cha-cha German cows
main Germantown cha-cha-cha come and
cows main drum and cows truck truck
truck drum and tells main still playing
this game is every day I'm level in all
these bitches dancing for me abida
shevlin all these credits and they're
haters running telling it all these fans
know my name and they'd be yelling it
purple drink on my ship because I want
it there got a range of pharma credits
I'm a billionaire in court or outdoor
tour rooftop tour talking big boss moves
seven max level tools like a fucking
boss styrofoam on my statue time to take
it off your boy broke is back it's a
celebration stacking credits is my
motivation trauma no there's our own
drama cock charlottetown cha-cha-cha man
cast me off drumming cows cha-cha-cha
Macau's main join the cows oh just your
drum and cows main try Macau color
touch-up German Calcutta German cows
shut up shut ramen cows main German cows
cha-cha-cha-cha Macau's main tram and
cows cha-cha-cha common cash bang